Feature: Add physical layout support (#2283)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/development/new-shield.mdx

- The `#include <dt-bindings/zmk/matrix_transform.h>` is critical. The `RC` macro is used to generate the internal storage in the matrix transform, and is actually replaced by a C preprocessor before the final devicetree is compiled into ZMK.
- `RC(row, column)` is placed sequentially to define what row and column values that position corresponds to.

> - If you have a keyboard with options for `2u` keys in certain positions, ANSI vs ISO layouts, or break away portions, define one matrix transform for each possible arrangement to be used in the physical layouts. This will allow the users to select the right layout in their keymap files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have a keyboard with options for `2u` keys in certain positions, ANSI vs. ISO layouts, or break away portions, define one matrix transform for each possible arrangement to be used in the physical layouts. This will allow the users to select the right layout in their keymap files.
```
Missed this earlier, apparently this is necessary in American English.

See the [matrix transform section](../config/kscan.md#matrix-transform) in the Keyboard Scan configuration documentation for details and more examples of matrix transforms.

## Physical Layout

The physical layout is the top level entity that aggregates all details about a certain possibly layout for a keyboard: the matrix transform that defines the set of key positions, and what row/column they correspond to, what kscan driver is used for that layout, etc.

> For keyboards that support multiple layouts, setting a `chosen` node to a given physical layout in your keymap will allow selecting the given layout you've built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For keyboards that support multiple layouts, setting a `chosen` node to a defined physical layout in your keymap will allow selecting the specific layout that you've built.
```
"You've built" isn't necessarily true for most people but I couldn't find a more inclusive alternative that is still clear.

A physical layout is very basic, e.g.:

```
/ {
    default_layout: default_layout {
        compatible = "zmk,physical-layout";
        transform = <&default_transform>;
        kscan = <&kscan0>;
    };
};
```

When supporting multiple layouts, define the multiple layout nodes and then set a `chosen` for the default:

```
/ {
    chosen {

>         zmk,physical-layout = <&default_layout>;

Reviewer: Is this not `zmk,physical-layout = &default_layout;`? (or are they the same thing?)

Author: Good catch. Fixed.
